We're no stranger to love, you know the rules and thoughts do I?
I've still commitments when I'm thinking of
You wouldn't get this from any other guy I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling Gotta make you understand
Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry
Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell the lies And hurt you We've known each other For so long Your heart's been aching
But you're too shy to say It's that we both know what's been going on We know the game and we're gonna play it
And if you ask me what I feel Don't tell me you're too blind
to see
Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never
gonna run around and to dread you.
Never gonna make you cry, never gonna say goodbye, never gonna live alive and hurt you.
Give to the love Give to the love
Never gonna give Give to the love We've known each other For so long Your heart's been aching but Your touch I have just made
Today is time. We both know what's been going on. We know
the game and we're gonna
play it. I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling.
God, I need you to understand. Never gonna give you up.
Never gonna let you down. Never gonna run around.
Please hurt you. Never gonna make you cry. Never gonna stay, goodbye.
Never gonna yell at you I am hurt you.
Never gonna give you up. Never gonna let you down. Never gonna run around.
Please hurt you. Never gonna make you cry.
Never gonna say goodbye. Never gonna tell you why it hurts you.
Never gonna kiss you up. Never gonna let you down.
Never gonna run around and desert you. Never gonna ask you why.
Never gonna say goodbye. Never gonna tell you why it hurts
you.